Testing docs minor fixes (#1898)
pmndrs/zustand: docs/guides/testing.md

})
```

> **Note**: without [globals configuration](https://vitest.dev/config/#globals) enabled, you need
> to add `import { afterEach, vi } from 'vitest'` at the top.

```ts
// __mocks__/vitest-env.d.ts
/// <reference types="vite/client" />
/// <reference types="vitest/globals" />
```

> > **Note**: without [globals configuration](https://vitest.dev/config/#globals) enabled, you do not

Reviewer: Double negative is confusing here. I had to read it a couple of times to get it.

```suggestion
> **Note**: with [globals configuration](https://vitest.dev/config/#globals) enabled, you need
```

but I don't know if that was the intention.

> > **Note**: if [globals configuration](https://vitest.dev/config/#globals) is not enabled, you do not

Reviewer: Again this double negative is confusing

```suggestion
> **Note**: if [globals configuration](https://vitest.dev/config/#globals) is enabled, you
```
